hi I'm Aaron I left the cup and I want
to show you how to make the perfect
steak indoors without a grill reliably
every time to get started you need a
wonderful cast iron skillet equipments
really important this is a super heavy
cast-iron skillet and what I want to do
is get it on a flame I'm going to get it
good and hot and I'm gonna add to it
just a little bit of olive oil
meanwhile I have two ribeye steaks these
are aged rib eyes you could use New York
Strip you're gonna need to play when you
own a produce porterhouse what you want
the highest quality you can afford
without hormones preferably organic and
what you want to do now is salt and
pepper the meat so be able to say not to
sell to me before you sear it I disagree
I think if your heat is high enough
you're gonna get a wonderful sear
meanwhile I have been preheating my oven
to 400 degrees Fahrenheit and what I'm
going to do is to sear the meat on both
sides remember this is at room
temperature I'm gonna get a wonderful C
or don't touch it don't put this to hope
it don't sweat it leave it alone for at
least a minute and a half on each side
then I'm going to flip it
pop it in the oven that seven minutes
for medium rare
take it out tend to the soil for five
minutes to let it rest it's going to be
delicious
that meat is steering and it looks
beautiful remember high quality
ingredients top-notch equipment and the
right technique is what lets you cook
perfectly cast iron skillet really great
beef and our technique I'm gonna flip
the meat now I haven't posted I haven't
squished it I resist the beers to mess
with it and I'm going to use tongs to
flip it so that I don't pierce it look
at that beautiful fear notice also that
my meat is not overcrowded my steak has
appeared on both sides and it's ready to
go straight into the other seven minutes
for medium round you do five minutes if
you wanted to do a rare I want to take
it out in seven then I'm gonna tent it
loosely with foil and leave it alone for
five minutes before I slice it for the
perfect steak it has been just under
seven minutes and I'm gonna take my
steaks out of the oven I turn the
temperature on and what I want to do now
is remove them from the hot pan to a
plate and I am going to cover them
loosely with tin foil a wonderful device
is an instant-read thermometer because I
can pop that right in there and see that
my steak is just about 140 degrees and
it's gonna go up a few degrees
Fahrenheit as I let it rest
let it rest in a sec a couple minutes
I'm going to show you the most gorgeous
easiest beautiful perfect steak you can
imagine and there it is the perfect
steak you could see how gorgeous it
looks just the perfect medium-rare
texture serving it up with a little bit
of roasted asparagus and some cheese
stuffed rice balls and let me show you
the other steak is still sitting and
resting I just sliced a little bit off
it what a wonderful way to cook meat
perfect failsafe
happy cooking